purge most danlging qhub references (#1802)
nebari-dev/nebari: README.md

For detailed step-by-step instructions on how to deploy Nebari, check the [Nebari documentation][docs-deploy].

> ## Nebari HPC
> 
> The HPC version of Nebari is based on [OpenHPC](https://openhpc.community/).
> 
> > NOTE: The tool is currently under development. Curious? Check out the [Nebari HPC](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub-hpc) repository.

Author: This paragraph was wrong and likely a victim of a global replace of "QHub" with "Nebari".

Quoting @dharhas from an offline conversation:

> Currently qhub-hpc exists, nebari-hpc doesn't. It is possible that nebari-hpc will exist in the future, but for now we should explain that many of the tools that form nebari can be installed via qhub-hpc.

Here is my rewrite attempt with the limited knowledge I have:

```suggestion
## Nebari HPC

An HPC version of Nebari is currently not available. There is one under development for Nebaris precursor QHub.
Curious? Check out the [QHub HPC](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub-hpc) repository.
```

Feel free to suggest something else.
